---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-24T01:15:56.331Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-24T01:15:20.897Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-24-26371538-2e77-4ac6-9a8a-4d54f126241e.md
published: true
url: 26371538-2e77-4ac6-9a8a-4d54f126241e/index.html
_type: Article

---
After college, I thought about what subject that \*I\* most wanted to learn about.  It had to be something that would serve me well my entire life and would benefit others in my life too.  I thought about being a pro in a sport or activity, I contemplated being an expert on the stock market, and I considered esthetician school so I could have gorgeous skin, (hey, it was right after college... what can I say?)  All of these seemed either temporary, self-serving, or lacked depth.  

After much thought, I decided that HEALTH was the most important thing.  It mattered greatly to me and everyone that I cared about, plus without health, nothing else mattered... not money, not talent, and certainly not beauty.  

So I set off on a quest to learn everything I could about health and vitality.  I learned that it's not just physical, but also mental, emotional, and even spiritual, (wow, did that open a whole new world!)  I learned that it's what you eat and what you don't consume, what activities you do and how often you do them.  I learned about in-depth things like (Nerd Alert!) how your mitochondria impacts aging, and chemical things like sulfates and parabens and their damaging effects on your body.  I discovered how unaddressed emotions kill your organs and what the wrong mental focus will do to your life.  

While studying these things, I like to say that I "fell down a rabbit hole."  I become obsessed.   I quit my job and dedicated my life to help others learn this too.  Not by randomly picking up the "book du jour" or the hot new fad of the day, and not by falling for the constant sales pitches and snake oils, but rather by compiling all of the health tips, tricks, and secrets from around the world into one place to make it easy and enjoyable to learn, grow and develop a new healthy path.   Thus creating a new normal of vibrant living and dynamic life.  That's what it's all about.